Update CHANGELOG.md (#2617)
powerhome/playbook: playbook/CHANGELOG.md

> # Detail Kit Unleashed: Amplify Data Visualization in Your UI!

Author: ```suggestion
# Detail Kit Unleashed: Supercharge Data Display in Your UI
```
